Remaining feedback from ILLink merge (#79677)
dotnet/runtime: src/tools/illink/README.md

# Trimming Tools

> This project hosts various tools and msbuild tasks which are used when trimming managed applications with .NET 5 and newer.

Reviewer: Avoid .NET 5 here which is already out-of-support.

```suggestion
This project hosts various tools and msbuild tasks which are used when trimming managed applications with modern .NET.
```
